# Welcome to Type Two Talk!

My intention is to fill a void I see in content made for Type 2 diabetics (T2D). [90% of diabetic americans are T2D](https://www.cdc.gov/diabetes/about/about-type-2-diabetes.html#:~:text=More%20than%2038%20million%20Americans,adults%20are%20also%20developing%20it.), but from my own experience well over half of diabetes-related content on social media are Type 1 oriented. I love that there's content - don't get me wrong! But Type 1 and Type 2 have differences, and I was looking for information about what *I* was going through when I was diagnosed ("dxed") with Type 2 in April 2024. Finding very little that really answered my questions, I had to scour the internet for information, and reach out to friends to find out who had experience, either personally or through family members to get answers to my questions. After following a few T1D content creators, I decided it was time to join the crowd and make my own content, but (primarily) for Type 2 diabetics, hence the name Type Two Talk.

Let me be very up front - I am NOT a medical professional, I am NOT a Certified Diabetes Educator, and I am NOT a Registered Dietician. Do not take medical advise from me - talk to your nurses and doctors to get that! What I offer is my experience, especially as I'm still "new" to this disease, so I hope my journey helps to educate and comfort others as I live with it. Everyone's T2D journey is unique, but there's much that we will have in common, and I hope to use this as a platform to share that so others can understand that it's not the end - your life will change, how you approach food & eating, exercise, stress, and sleep will become more intentional, and you'll hopefully thrive as you make the changes you have to make.

As you have questions, please feel free to contact me! My email is [chris@typetwotalk.com](mailto:chris@typetwotalk.com) - I don't want to share people's contact details (unless it's already publicly posted), but I may use questions sanitized of personal details to help answer questions about T2D. Again, I'm NOT an expert, but I do have a few I can ask questions of!

I plan to launch on [Youtube](https://www.youtube.com/@TypeTwoTalk) first, adding Tiktok and others once I have more of a grasp on content creation.